{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All the Code and the Dataset has been attached in the ZIP File itself.\
\
\
1. The project requires certain dependencies to be installed. These are common libraries such as tensor flow, scikitlearn, pandas, numpy and so on and so forth. Please check the dependencies section of the jupyter notebook to see which libraries need to be installed. \
\
2. Simply run the notebook block by block to get the implementation of the required experiments and techniques.\
\
3. The Dataset for both MNIST and Transfer Learning has been attached. For MNIST, the program directly fetches the dataset from eras. However the code requires the Monkey dataset in the path for the Transfer Learning part to work. Please fix the path issues if they arise.\
\
4. If working on MacOS, there is a certain bug I encountered during the course of implementation that has nothing to do with the code itself but rather how MacOS and python interact. This bug has been commented in the block of code where it might occur along with a link to the the solution if need be.\
\
5. A separate folders with all output images and a project report has been attached in the folder.}